Palvin k2 is a revolutionary system that
enables you to apply single component
power bond pu polyurethane or pala bond
ms modified silane structural strength a
tissue sealant in whatever patterns you
require directly from the standard power
bond cartridge or foil pack the unique
spray facility allows you to reproduce
the original patterns used by various
poor manufacturing the joint ceiling and
underbody protection laws are supplied
with the system and nu to reproduce
ribbons for body weight construction and
bees for windscreen replacement due to
the unique telescopic piston design the
adhesive sealant can be extruded
smoothly and consistently even with low
speeds or divers later let's take a look
at a few typical applications and the
advantages of using palaburn pu & ms
technology whether you are a car body
shop a caravan trailer or portable oval
office manufacturer both building or
construction engineer some if not all of
these benefits will apply to your
business when you says an adhesive power
bond distributes joins just evenly over
the whole bonded area increasing overall
strength by eliminating the errant or
localized stress point caused by welding
and mechanical fastenings as well as
producing the structural bond the
adhesive also provides a structural seal
will have standing chemical resistance
along the total length of the joint
above the trigger are situated to
airflow control knobs the right hand
knob controls the amount of air flow to
the back of the cartridge and therefore
the extrusion rate of the adhesion is C
and a left hand knob controls the
airflow through the front of the
applicator
and across the extruded bead therefore
giving you total control over the type
esprit ban required when used as a
sealant the vulcanization process
transforms additive into a very tough
the DC of sealant that outperforms any
other service protein against chipping
flaking salt or chemical attack at
either high or low intelligence the
flexibility of power bond accommodates
movements caused by thermal expansion or
impact loading is unfair Asian the
significantly refused by the adhesive
basket they have standing ballistic
characteristics a power bond enables a
wide range of dissimilar substrates to
be bonded to a pathway to a primer power
bonus flexible bonding technology
enables the assembly of a roof structure
without a need for puncturing the roofs
watertight skin it can also eliminate
the drilling of side panels and hence
the leakage paths that leads to severe
corrosion the reduction in stress
concentrations and the elimination of
mechanical fixings
allows the use of thinner higher to
panels which gives considerable savings
in the publish weight cost and increased
Paley
wooden flooring systems can be as
forward without the need for a single
hole to be drilled this ensures that any
waterproof coating on the woods
underside remains intact preventing the
lamination for ultimate underbody
protection many properties now offer
their customers the benefit of power
bonds a structural sealant protection of
the stanley or as an optional extra the
adhesive is extruded smoothly
consistently under various speeds by
means of a unique telescopic tube this
technology ensures optimal adhesive
performance by eliminating adhesive
contamination or premature curing caused
by direct air moisture contact with the
adhesive in the applicator the power
bond
k2 system can dispense the full range of
power bonds single component adhesives
packed in aluminium plastic and
cardboard cartridges or foil packs it
will also dispense power bond two parts
to drill this is packed in two k
cartridges and with the use of a side by
side adapter it will dispense 50 ml
side-by-side power bond
methacrylate and epoxy adhesive
cartridges
you